
Today situation: 13-Aug-2022

- working on animationModule.
- Currently "Remove defaultValue from AniProp and use defaultFilter instead. 
- Reason to use defaultFilter instead of defaultVaue (a variable) is that their behaviour is the same and the AniProp has a dual job of managing the filtersArray AND managing defaultValue.
- Now that we have a defaultFilter which is not in filtersArray of AniProp the AniProp has a value even when there is no filter added to it just like before when it has defaultValue but now AniProp does not need to manage it seperately.

---

- Technical details of Animation Module at this time.
    1.  AniProp: It  wraps a value and has default value (placed in defaultFilter). Since AniProp represents a value for the entire duration of the life of the (containing) component thus it uses filters to create segments between its start and end time. So AniProp has an array of filter (filtersArr) and a filter in global space called defaultFilter.
    2. AniProp Interface : All in all AniProp exports 3 methods 1=> set() , to set the initial value 2=> value() , to get the value out and finally 3=> update(rTimeMs :number):T which just takes in the current running time and set (this._value) based on this.
    3. defaultFilter: <strong> The defaultFilter is a contant filter which always return the same value as its base value</strong>. If there is no filter attached to AniProp it will return the baseProperty of the default filter.<i> So the defaultValue of AniProp is actually the baseValue of its defaultFilter</i>.
    4. What is a filter : Just like AniProp is responsible for a value the antire duration like wise a filter is responsible for a segment of that duration. The segment of its influence is from its starting time ( ) to the appearence of next filter (the end time is not relevant here). Just like AniProp it has a defaultValue called the baseValue and a method called animatedValue():T equivilant to that of vlaue() method of AniProp. Finally it has setBaseValue() method which sets baseValue like set in AniProp. So we can say that a AniProp is result of all of its filters. <strong> A filter just like AniProp can never return a null, However internally a filter can have its _animatedValue as null and then return the baseValue.
     
> Challange : The defaultFilter created is generic filter so that any implementation of AniProp can use it. I want the defaultFilter behaviour to change for AniPerc such that before returning it check for "responsive" flag and then return the vlaues converted or not. It means that the baseValue of the defaultFilter of AniPerc should change with its responsive flag.

## Solution:
- the baseFilter which is base for All filters (no matter which implementation of aniProp uses it) IS A GENERIC CLASS. This baseFilter also implements a GENERIC INTERFACE called IFilter. any one who wants to make a copy of it can do so by just creating an implementation such that the :T should be same for both the BaseFilter and IFilter interface.
- The defaultFilter is also a generic filter which extends baseFilter. Now we can write different defaultFilters for different AniProp impls AS LONG AS IT IMPLEMENTS IFilter.

- Question : Do I need baseNumberFilter (an impl of baseFilter<number>?)