# Learning

- I thought to create small cpmponents and then to compose other large componenets from them but what has worked is to create a very complex component i.e BoxSys (now text) and then create different variations of it using templates.
    - if the underlaying obj is non openionated i.e it does not care what you do it just does what it has to do it will be a robust component.
    - e.g take the example that when i realized that using the current BoxSys desing where i have embeded 4 rectangles inside each other it is not possible to draw text with padding BUT without contentArea background.
    - If i was making a simple text component this would have been a deal breaker and i would have to scrap the 4 nested rectangles BUT this was a complex non-openionated,one-thing do all. So I will just "add the rectangle (non fill rect) option to it. So the answer was to add and not add openions.

---
> The is a very important point: **Write the unpenionated code before you write abstractions**
---

- It means that just like Pack is an unopenionated object which just provide low-level drawing capabilities similarly BoxSys (now text) is an unopenionated low-level tool for drawing Text.


# Questions
### Why do I need to keep Text (BoxSys) as a component. It can even be a low level library which takes in Pack and then we can call its functions ? 

### How to augument the current component such that it can take in DataObject and create Transiiotns automatically.

### The calculatedData is a new addition which is just used in update function so that it calculations are available globally

### Surprising thing. I think using relative X and Y is over rated. if i want i can just use them with one option Flag. PUT THAT OPTION FLAG IN COMPONENT OBJECT.
